readme.md, before:

#  Overview of my Csound explorations

## grid

launchpad based, monome inspired

- lpmini.inc - library for the launchpad mini mkII
- flin.csd - clone of flin instrument from monome sum
- step.csd - clone of step instrument from monome sum
- basic64.udo - simple grid UDOs
  - momo - 64 momentary switches (udo)
  - togo - 64 toggle switches (udo)
  - fado - 8 smooth faders (udo)
  - pato - 64 patching points, 32ins-left 32outs-right (udo)

## udo

- clockdiv.udo - clock divider
- euclidean.udo - euclidean rhythm sequencer
- moogy - 2osc + noise Moog inspired instrument
  - moogy - udo with all controls as parameter
  - moogy(ik[]) - same udo with controls passed via an array (except note)
  - moogy\_preset - collection of presets to pass directly to moogy(ik[]) 
  - moogy\_rnd\_preset - random preset generator to pass directly to moogy(ik[]) 
- resonators.udo - clone of Resonators device from Ableton Live
- shiftreg.udo - digital shift register with 8 outputs
- tee.udo - trigger based UDOs
  - tsequence - sequence an array on trigger (udo)
  - tchoice - sequence a random array member on trigger (udo) 
  - twchoice - sequence a random array member on trigger, with probability (udo)
  - tstepper - sequence an array on trigger, with step-length, reverse, rotation and reset (udo) 
  - tcount - trigger counter, with optional wrap-around (udo)
- turing.udo - Turing Machine eurorack module clone
- util.udo
  - once - is true only once, at k-rate
  - minmax - sorts two numbers
  - randint - return a random int between max and min (default 0)
  - arrayreverse - reverse an array
  - arrayshuffle - shuffle an array with the Fisher-Yates algorithm
  - arrayofsubinstr - instatiate n subinstruments inside an a-rate array

## sccode

ports of SuperCollider instruments, from sccode.org

- 3kicks - port of [«three kicks» by snappizz](http://sccode.org/1-57g)
- fm\_rhodes - port of [«FM Rhodes» by snappizz](http://sccode.org/1-522)
- wavetable\_bass - port of [«wavetable bass» by snappizz](http://sccode.org/1-57b)
- sistres - port of [«sistres» by alln4tural](http://sccode.org/1-1Ni)

## tests
minimal tests for all my instruments and UDOs

## misc
various experiments, most UDOs and instruments start here

## WIP / INCOMPLETE / NOT WORKING YET

### tidal
port of a subset of the TidalCycles pattern language to Csound

### reaktor
port of interesting N.I. Reaktor instruments to Csound


# Distribution

Copyright (C) 2018-2019 Giampaolo Guiducci

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

tee: tline - triggerable version of the line opcode

readme.md, after:

#  Overview of my Csound explorations

## grid

launchpad based, monome inspired

- lpmini.inc - library for the launchpad mini mkII
- flin.csd - clone of flin instrument from monome sum
- step.csd - clone of step instrument from monome sum
- basic64.udo - simple grid UDOs
  - momo - 64 momentary switches (udo)
  - togo - 64 toggle switches (udo)
  - fado - 8 smooth faders (udo)
  - pato - 64 patching points, 32ins-left 32outs-right (udo)

## udo

- clockdiv.udo - clock divider
- euclidean.udo - euclidean rhythm sequencer
- moogy - 2osc + noise Moog inspired instrument
  - moogy - udo with all controls as parameter
  - moogy(ik[]) - same udo with controls passed via an array (except note)
  - moogy\_preset - collection of presets to pass directly to moogy(ik[]) 
  - moogy\_rnd\_preset - random preset generator to pass directly to moogy(ik[]) 
- resonators.udo - clone of Resonators device from Ableton Live
- shiftreg.udo - digital shift register with 8 outputs
- tee.udo - trigger based UDOs
  - tsequence - sequence an array on trigger (udo)
  - tchoice - sequence a random array member on trigger (udo) 
  - twchoice - sequence a random array member on trigger, with probability (udo)
  - tstepper - sequence an array on trigger, with step-length, reverse, rotation and reset (udo) 
  - tcount - trigger counter, with optional wrap-around (udo)
  - tline - triggerable version of the line opcode (udo)
- turing.udo - Turing Machine eurorack module clone
- util.udo
  - once - is true only once, at k-rate
  - minmax - sorts two numbers
  - randint - return a random int between max and min (default 0)
  - arrayreverse - reverse an array
  - arrayshuffle - shuffle an array with the Fisher-Yates algorithm
  - arrayofsubinstr - instatiate n subinstruments inside an a-rate array

## sccode

ports of SuperCollider instruments, from sccode.org

- 3kicks - port of [«three kicks» by snappizz](http://sccode.org/1-57g)
- fm\_rhodes - port of [«FM Rhodes» by snappizz](http://sccode.org/1-522)
- wavetable\_bass - port of [«wavetable bass» by snappizz](http://sccode.org/1-57b)
- sistres - port of [«sistres» by alln4tural](http://sccode.org/1-1Ni)

## tests
minimal tests for all my instruments and UDOs

## misc
various experiments, most UDOs and instruments start here

## WIP / INCOMPLETE / NOT WORKING YET

### tidal
port of a subset of the TidalCycles pattern language to Csound

### reaktor
port of interesting N.I. Reaktor instruments to Csound


# Distribution

Copyright (C) 2018-2019 Giampaolo Guiducci

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
